C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.exe
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.deps.json
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Przychodnia.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wizyty.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Pacjenci.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wlascicieli.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Lekarze.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Logowanie.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.exe
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.deps.json
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Logowanie.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Lekarze.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Pacjenci.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wizyty.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wlascicieli.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Przychodnia.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\pracownia_wet-main\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.exe
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.deps.json
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Logowanie.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Lekarze.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Pacjenci.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wizyty.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wlascicieli.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Przychodnia.resources
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Przychodnia.dll
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Luke\source\repos\pracownia_wet-main\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Przychodnia.dll
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.exe
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.deps.json
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Logowanie.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Lekarze.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Pacjenci.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wizyty.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Menu_Wlascicieli.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.Przychodnia.resources
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.dll
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Przychodnia.dll
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.pdb
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Przychodnia.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Users\Luke\Documents\WSB\Podstawy Programowania\Programy\Kopia przychodni z komentarzami do nauki\Przychodnia\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Przychodnia.dll
